Knouted we get the basics set.
Let me dive into forums in angular.
Now we already have a simple form your with input and a button.
Now forms simply means that we get a more elaborate way of handling these inputs.
We do this by adding the normal form element but we removed the action and then we'll place our form
inputs like the button and any other inputs we might have inside that form.
Just as you always create forms in H.M. we can now get rid of that disabled functionals years since
it's just annoying.
So let's remove that.
And now the main differences we can remove the clicked Lisner from the button here and instead set the
button to type submit it would now submit the form and send the request to the server.
We don't want that but thankfully because we imported the forms module Engler will automatically detect
this form element and manage it for us behind the scenes.
This means that will prevent the submission at least if we add a special event which will do so in a
second.
And it all demands just the validity and the State of the forum.
So the values we entered wherever it's valid and so on we can at Engy submit as a special event here
provided by Engler and now call on add product here.
So this will now execute this whenever we submit the form which of course is still the same as clicking
the button.
But technically something different happens.
We now can also remove the two way binding and simply said Engy model like this which will just register
as input as a control to angular.
So it will tell it hey please keep track of it and its value.
We don't have to assign a name to this may be product name like this and we can also add validators
like required an Engler will pick this up and determine whether this is valid or not angular Denne behind
the scenes creates a javascript object storing all that information about our form and we can get access
to that object by adding a so-called local reference with a hash tag to the form element.
This by default would simply give us access to the underlying HVM element but by assigning equal ends
you form your written like this angular actually detects the syntax and gives us access to the Form
object it created implicitly.
Behind the scenes we can then pass this as an argument to add product and now simply console log to
see what's inside of it.
So let me comment this out and simply console log forum which is an argument I receive here.
Now if we save this with the development service still running if I enter something here and click add
product you'll see a whole object is locked on the right.
This is the form object angular managed it contains values like if it's valid or not and it is because
we did enter something Sodhi required validator is fulfilled and the value which in turn is object where
we have key value pairs where the key is the name of the form control.
So product name which we find here and the value is what we entered.
And the cool thing about this is if this were empty for example and we submit this the form would not
be belet So it's false because we added the required attribute here which is detected by angular.
So it detects that the form is invalid because this field is required but empty.
So this is especially useful for more complex forms of course.
And here it would allow us to check if for invalid and only in this case.
So only if the four Miss belet we would push a new product by reaching out to products and pushing for
them.
Value product name.
Keep in mind product name is the name of the control we assigned and the template with that if we save
this we get the same behavior as before but now Frue angler foreigns.
If I entered invalid value nothing happens.
And I guess this is already one advancement compared to the previous solution.